Add quick start guide (#5517)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/using-the-sdk/quick-start.md

```bash
aud add-genesis-account $(acli keys show validator -a) 100000000stake
``` 

Now that your account has some tokens, you need to add a validator to your chain. Validators are special full-nodes that participate in the consensus process (implemented in the [underlying consensus engine](../intro/sdk-app-architecture.md#tendermint)) in order to add new blocks to the chain. Any account can declare its intention to become a validator operator, but only those with sufficient delegation get to enter the active set (for example, only the top 125 validator candidates with the most delegation get to be validators in the Cosmos Hub). For this guide, you will add your local node (created via the `init` command above) as a validator of your chain. Validators can be declared before a chain is first started via a special transaction included in the genesis file called a `gentx`:

```bash
// create a gentx
aud gentx --name validator --amount 100000stake

// add the gentx to the genesis file
aud collect-gentxs
```

A `gentx` does three things: 

    1. Makes the `validator` account you created into a validator operator account (i.e. the account that controls the validator).

>     2. Self-delegate the provided `amount` of staking tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Self-delegates the provided `amount` of staking tokens. 
```

```bash
acli keys add receiver
```

The command above created a local key-pair that is not yet registered on the chain. An account is registered the first time it receives tokens from another account. Now, run the following command to send tokens to the second account: 

```bash
acli tx send $(acli keys show validator -a) $(acli keys show receiver -a) 1000stake --chain-id test
```

Check that the second account did receive the tokens:

```bash
acli query account $(acli keys show receiver -a) --chain-id test
```

Finally, delegate some of the stake tokens sent to the `receiver` account to the validator:

```bash
acli tx staking delegate $(acli keys show validator --bech val -a) 500stake --from receiver --chain-id test
``` 

Try to query the total delegations to `validator`:

```bash
acli query staking delegations-to $(acli keys show validator --bech val -a) --chain-id test
```

You should see two delegations, the first one made from the `gentx`, and the second one you just performed from the `receiver` account. 

## Next

> Congratulations for making it to the end of this short introduction guide! If you want to learn more, check out the following ressources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations on making it to the end of this short introduction guide! If you want to learn more, check out the following resources:
```
